Solve the mystery of pages-css in the Markup chapter (#2742)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2021/markup.md

  ) }}</figcaption>
</figure>

> By far, the most popular one is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.sliderrevolution.com/faq/developer-guide-output-class-tag-changes/">Slider Revolution</a>, with a majority of elements attributed to the framework. It more than tripled in popularity over the past year, which leads us to believe it might be a part of a popular template or site builder. A close second is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.wix.com/">Wix</a>, the popular free site builder. We initially couldn't identify `pages-css`, but <a href="{{ url_for('contributors', year=year, lang=lang, _anchor='alonko') }}">Alon</a> reached out and identified it as another custom element used by Wix, which also explains the similar page count to `wix-image`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By far, the most popular one is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.sliderrevolution.com/faq/developer-guide-output-class-tag-changes/">Slider Revolution</a>, with a majority of elements attributed to the framework. It more than tripled in popularity over the past year, which leads us to believe it might be a part of a popular template or site builder. A close second is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.wix.com/">Wix</a>, the popular free site builder. We initially couldn't identify `pages-css`, but [Alon Kochba](./contributors#alonko) reached out and identified it as another custom element used by Wix, which also explains the similar page count to `wix-image`.
```

> By far, the most popular one is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.sliderrevolution.com/faq/developer-guide-output-class-tag-changes/">Slider Revolution</a>, with a majority of elements attributed to the framework. It more than tripled in popularity over the past year, which leads us to believe it might be a part of a popular template or site builder. A close second is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.wix.com/">Wix</a>, the popular free site builder. We initially couldn't identify `pages-css`, but <a hreflang="en" href="https://almanac.httparchive.org/en/2021/contributors#alonko">Alon</a> reached out and identified it as another custom element used by Wix, which also explains the similar page count to `wix-image`.

Reviewer: We can use the `url_for` macro to set the appropriate language:

```suggestion
By far, the most popular one is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.sliderrevolution.com/faq/developer-guide-output-class-tag-changes/">Slider Revolution</a>, with a majority of elements attributed to the framework. It more than tripled in popularity over the past year, which leads us to believe it might be a part of a popular template or site builder. A close second is <a hreflang="en" href="https://www.wix.com/">Wix</a>, the popular free site builder. We initially couldn't identify `pages-css`, but <a href="{{ url_for('contributors', year=year, lang=lang, _anchor='alonko') }}">Alon</a> reached out and identified it as another custom element used by Wix, which also explains the similar page count to `wix-image`.
```
